---
title: "5 Sexual Activity Details"
date: 2022-10-24
published: true
tags: [dataviz, altair]
excerpt: "This post includes visualizations of detailed sexual activities and same-sex sexual contacts by state and year."
altair-loader:
  altair-chart-1: "charts/visual_plots/detailed_ssex/sexual.json"
  altair-chart-2: "charts/visual_plots/detailed_ssex/dssex_bars.json"
  altair-chart-3: "charts/visual_plots/detailed_ssex/dmssex_bars.json"
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
---

This post includes a visualization of detailed about sexual activities and same-sex sexual contacts by state and year.

Note:
- An empty bar means no YRBS data available for that state-year.

## Detailed Sexual Activity

The plot below is derived from the following questions:

Q65. During your life, with whom have you had sexual contact?
- A. I have never had sexual contact
- B. Females
- C. Males
- D. Females and males
- NA

Q58. Have you ever had sexual intercourse?
- A. Yes
- B. No
- NA

Q59. How old were you when you had sexual intercourse for the first time? \
Q60. During your life, with how many people have you had sexual intercourse? \
Q61. During the past 3 months, with how many people did you have sexual intercourse? \
Q62. Did you drink alcohol or use drugs before you had sexual intercourse the last time? \
Q63. The last time you had sexual intercourse, did you or your partner use a condom? \
Q64. The last time you had sexual intercourse, what one method did you or your partner use to prevent pregnancy?

Note: 
- Q59-Q64 all provide an answer option "A. I have never had sexual contact". 
- After cross-checking, answers from Q58-Q65 are consistent within individuals.
- "had sex" means had sexual intercourse before but no further information about the sex of sexual partner.
- "NA" means missing response in all Q58-65.

<div id="altair-chart-1"></div>

## Same-Sex Sexual Contacts

The plots below are derived from two indicators as follow:

1. The combined sexual activity indicator as above.

2. What is your sex?
- A. Female
- B. Male
- NA

### All respondents

For all respondents:

<div id="altair-chart-2"></div>

### Male respondents

For male respondents only:

<div id="altair-chart-3"></div>
